Uh, did you find them about the women with investments? Oh, good.
From a Newsweek in July. Okay. What does it say?
It's like right here, upper echelons of money and power, blah, blah,
blah. According to Forbes, the world's 15 wealthiest people are men.
Women only make up 10% of the top 100 separate wealthiest women in the world.
Most of their money comes from their male relatives or husbands.
Yeah. The top 10 wealthiest men made the fortunes themselves.
Now who are the top 10 wealthiest woman that isn't that from? Divorce.
Hold on a second. Yeah, she's up there.
The first self-made woman on the list is, wow.
I don't know how to say this woman's name.
Z H O U that's one word Q U
N F E I Xu Quinn fee who was born to a poor
family in China, dropped out of school at 16.
She went on to found in an enormously successful
technology company. Uh, but if you put men back into the equation,
she's only 198th richest person in the world. Hmm.
No matter how you feel about the concept of few people,
hoarding enormous wealth.
The notion that women can only access money and power through their families,
or husbands seems medieval at best yet.
We see it occur at the very top of many professions outside of the business
world. Yes. Um, most people.
Can you read the next step? Yeah. A recent.
High profile examples. Hillary Clinton during their presidential campaign,
the first female major party nominee.
She campaigned on a ticket of empowerment yet.
Although she is accomplished in her own, right.
She entered politics as the wife of bill Clinton and is undoubtedly benefited
from his prestige and connections. Yeah. Well, that's true. But she's.
Also a lawyer. If you read that.
She was a lawyer and uh, you know, she was a Senator.
Now Oprah's up there as the world's richest women period. Like that amazing.
Because they're saying I'm not a big fan of Hillary Clinton,
but by saying she definitely entered because she was, you know,
she was married to him, but she was a lawyer. I mean, she's,
she's an accomplished person. She's she's educated,
accomplished who's was a Senator. I don't think that makes sense.
I hate when people.
To say to them,
should they know what you're at the right place at the right time.
I know you jumped and you jumped. Yeah. You jumped. So that's a problem.
I'm not mad at nobody. You can't say she got into bro. Yeah.
She may be a little help push here, a call here, but she jumped.
There's a great book. I'm reading right now.
It's called outliers by Malcolm McDowell. It's great.
And it's all about what makes people successful and why they were successful.
And there are a lot of factors, man.
There's a lot of factors in when you were born. Like what, like a lot of it,
he goes on about hockey players, about professional hockey players.
That almost all of them were born at a certain time so that they were at the end
of the age cutoff. So like say if you know, you're between 10 and 11,
when you go into, what is that fifth grade you are,
if you're one of the oldest kids,
you have a way better chance of being successful at hockey,
because your body's more mature than whether you're one of the youngest kids
that goes into sixth grade. So whether you're fifth grade or sixth grade,
like what year you were born is a big factor.
So the kids that were born later, so that they're older,
rather the kids over there that are older when they enter into the fifth grade
or sixth grade,
they're like across the board unanimously,
all the top level professionals were all older kids in
younger grades so that they're playing against smaller kids. They get more time.
They they're better. So they get more coaching,
they get more hours playing there's.
A lot of factors has a lot of factors in like one of the things about bill
gates, that there was, there's a whole great chapter on bill gates.
And about when bill gates was young, the,
the school that he went to had a computer class that, uh,
allowed him to do coding. And then he got into the university of Washington.
They would let him get into their, their computer room from 3:00 AM to 6:00 AM.
They had this open block.
So him and his friends would sneak into that place at three o'clock in the
morning. So all these,
all these different factors that lead to someone being like super successful,
it's not just that you work hard.
It's sometimes you get these weird advantages in life.
There's a bunch of things like for sure hard work, plays a factor.
If you don't do nothing,
you just sit around and woe is me and cry and think the world's.
You're not going anywhere. But the people that make it to the very top,
the bill gates, the Steve jobs, they have a bunch of things going for them.
It's not just hard work. It's also circumstance, fortune,
where they are, what, you know, who's around them. Who, who,
who encourages them? This there's a bunch of what time they were born in what,
you know, what age they were when certain things happened in the world.
There's a bunch of factors. But for all those checks,
it's just marrying the right dude, divorced,
getting, I know a lady who, uh,
just got paid from a divorced and she's just
shooting into her. Face a bagging 20 year olds. Now it's hilarious.
She's in her late forties banging at 20 year old dudes.
Mr. Funny man, to cut that check.
For the guy. Yeah. I've known guys.
I knew a guy who, uh,
he cut a check for somewhere in the neighborhood of $50 million. Yeah.
To his ex.
The check for 30 grand a month G
dirty grant a month. He said.
A couple guys.
And that was, that was not beside the half million up front.
Oh yeah. The house two cars. Like he just walked away.
I know it goes paying close to that. And he hasn't even seen his wife.
He's been married to a new woman, a different woman for 14 years,
at least. Yeah. 14 years. And he was only married to that lady for 12.
And he's still cutting her checks and no kids. He's got kids with a new woman,
the old woman,
no kids still cutting her fat checks tries to bring it to
court, try to reduce the amount of money. She fights him tooth and nail.
Either side of my bed. She left me. He left her 14 years ago, man.
They were only together for 12 years. It's like, she doesn't want to work.
He is. He her so hard. She can't work anymore.
It's crazy if it was a man,
if the situation was reversed and a guy was dating a girl and they were dating
for 12 years and she was like, I'm tired of this. I'm going to go some new dude.
And the guy took her to court,
got money from her and then wanted money still 14 years later,
what kind of a man would that be? Like, get a job,
go do something with your life. You are a human being.
You met another human being. You spent some time with them.
They don't want to be with you anymore. It's over like this. There's no,
there's no children.
And you're going to wait until the judge that you want your lifestyle, right.
Lifestyle, that you were accustomed to.
Maintain my lifestyle, judge. I like to buy nice purses.
I like to walk my little dog. I like to put them in a little, a little purse.
Now in California. There's different factors. Also.
You have to be with that person for 10 years or something, right?
There's a little factors, a couple by the ways.
This factors and they change, you know, depending upon the laws and they,
they change depending upon how much money you make. And you know, this,
my friend was pretty wealthy. He did well.
But the guy who I know that had to pay $50 million, he's real successful.
Obviously. I mean,
you've got to make a lot of money to give your wife 50 million,
but he still had to give her 50 million. Okay.
You see the kid? Listen, I see the kid 0.0 baby. I see the,
I see the child support point and I see a little bit of help.
There's the list. Oh,
Madonna's divorced from guy Richie estimated 76 to
92 million. Oh, he had, she had to give him, I mean,
she's the first woman listed first on this.
She had to give him 76 million way to go guy Richie.
I like to have him back here now. I know you buy those suits.
Now what's his name pays per single from books.
Michael Jordan's divorce from Juanita Jordan, one 68 million.
Whew. Mel Gibson's divorce in 2006. After 26 years.
425 Million. God.
Shots growing. Look at this. Jesus Christ.
Steve Wynn's divorced 2020 1 billion.
Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness.
Steve Wynn one bill young Rupert Murdoch's divorce
in 1990 in 1999. After 31 years of marriage,
1.7 billion.
Neil diamond, one 50 Harrison Ford,
118 million. Whoa, Harrison.